Fixing msk-lambda-iam-python-sam and msk-lambda-iam-node-sam projects by adding Cloudformation templates as previous CFT doesn't work anymore due to Cloud9 dependency (#2524)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: msk-lambda-iam-python-sam/README.md

# Python AWS Lambda Kafka consumer with IAM auth, using AWS SAM

This pattern is an example of a Lambda function that consumes messages from an Amazon Managed Streaming for Kafka (Amazon MSK) topic, where the MSK Cluster has been configured to use IAM authentication.  

This project contains source code and supporting files for a serverless application that you can deploy with the AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) CLI. It includes the following files and folders.

- HandlerKafka - Code for the application's Lambda function.
- events - Invocation events that you can use to invoke the function.
- template_original.yaml - An AWS SAM template that defines the application's AWS resources.

> - MSKAndKafkaClientEC2.yaml - A Cloudformation template file that can be used to deploy an MSK cluster and also deploy an EC2 machine with all pre-requisities already installed, so you can directly build and deploy the lambda function and test it out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MSKAndKafkaClientEC2.yaml - A CloudFormation template file that can be used to deploy an MSK cluster and also deploy an EC2 instance with all prerequisites already installed, so you can directly build and deploy the Lambda function and test it out.
```

The application creates a Lambda function that listens to Kafka messages on a topic of an MSK Cluster. These resources are defined in the `template_original.yaml` file in this project. You can update the template to add AWS resources through the same deployment process that updates your application code.

Important: this application uses various AWS services and there are costs associated with these services after the Free Tier usage - please see the [AWS Pricing page](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/) for details. You are responsible for any AWS costs incurred. No warranty is implied in this example.

## Requirements

* [Create an AWS account](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html) if you do not already have one and log in. The IAM user that you use must have sufficient permissions to make necessary AWS service calls and manage AWS resources.

> ## Run the Cloudformation template to create the MSK Cluster and Client EC2 machine

Reviewer: I'm not going to mark every instance, but please double check the correct spelling:
Cloudformation -> CloudFormation
lambda -> Lambda
EC2 machine -> EC2 instance

Author: Checked in modified Readme.md files with changes incorporated
